---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 14
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>
Last week my group and I presented our IMDB project to the class; however, our presentation did not go as well as planned. We ran out of time during our presentation and didn't even get to the critiques or site demo. During the search functionality demo, we uncovered a bug in our search tool related to the paging that we implemented in the database. Since the database is paged and the search results are paginated, the AND results don't always display before the OR results. If there were no matching AND results for that page, then only the OR results are displayed. When we searched for Dark Ritual, the AND results could not be seen until page 6 of the results.<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
Currently there are no issues blocking my progress. 
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
The only thing I will be doing this week is studying for the final. I have several readings to catch up on and I need to practice everything before Thursday. I am very worried about this exam since Downing’s review seems a lot more cryptic than the review for the first exam.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>
<b>How to give your terminal an attitude</b>
<br>
<ol>
<li>Open terminal and type “sudo visudo”</li>
<li>At the bottom of the “Defaults” add, on a new line, “Defaults	insults”</li>
<li>Save the file.</li>
</ol>
Now, whenever you issue a sudo command and misstype your password, your computer will call you names.  For example:
<code>shanell@PCL-1330:~$ sudo ls<br>
[sudo] password for shanell:<br>
Speak English you fool --- there are no subtitles in this scene.<br>
[sudo] password for shanell:<br>
I think … err … I think … I think I’ll go home<br>
[sudo] password for shanell:<br>
Are you on drugs?<br>
sudo: 3 incorrect password attempts</code>
