---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 3
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>My only focus this last week was Collatz. Getting it done and getting it in on time. Normally I reformat my system at the beginning of every semester; however, I have not found the time to do so since August. Unfortunately, my system decided to start misbehaving while I was working on Collatz which cost me hours of development time. 
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br>Since I do all of my work on my personal system, I have to finish reinstalling everything on my system again before I can start working on project 2. Hopefully, I will have the reinstall completed before I go to bed tonight.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>Next week I will begin working on project 2. I already have a partner for the project and plans to meet early in the week to set a schedule for development. Project 2 looks to be a lot more challenging than Collatz and I am very excited to be working on it with my partner.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br><b>Commit often!</b>
<br>
<br>You never know what may happen while you are coding. You could spill coffee on your laptop or your 8 year old laptop could suddenly decide to read its last keystroke. Save yourself the headache and commit often.
<br>
<h2>Developer Joke for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
When is a function a bad investment? 
<br><br>
"When there's no return"
