---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 12
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>
Last week my group and I started planning how to implement the last phase of the IMDB project. Implementing a search tool on the site seems pretty interesting. There are many different ways to approach this task and I spent most of my week researching different search options to try and find the best option for our site. I also spent time this week making minor cosmetic changes to the site that are not dependent on the back end since the back end is currently being modified.
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
I am currently waiting on my group members to finish making changes to the back end that directly affect the front end. Once the back end changes are done, I can then fix the front end.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
Next week I will finish all the changes that need to be made to the front end of the site. I have been wanting to implement picture carousels on the site since the first phase of the project and I plan to do so this week. I am also hoping to start studying for the final exam this week since I could really use more practice with Python and MySQL.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>
Never be afraid to push all of the buttons!
<br>
Through out this entire project there have been many "issues" with using Carina. I have spent entirely too many hours debugging errors that I have received during deployment and, as a result, I have learned a ton about Carina. However, Carina is not completely to blame for all of the problems I have encountered. Whenever I am tasked with learning a new tool, I love to break it. Unless I can spend time discovering the limitations of a tool, I do not feel that I truly understand how it works. So, my tip of the week is to break everything!
