---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 9
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>Completing the first phase of the IMDB project was my main focus for the last two weeks and, so far, has not been a very positive experience for me. While working with a new team always has its challenges that need to be over come; the multitude of development tools, which are relatively unfamiliar to everyone in my team, caused us to struggle much more than I was anticipating. I had volunteered to be part of the front end group for my team; however, I spent the majority of time working with Carina and trying to work out the deployment kinks. My other contribution to the project was implementing AngularJS so that we could take advantage of how easy it is to create sortable tables and carousels using Angular. However, one of my group members decided that AngularJS was not supposed to be included in Phase 1 and removed the hours worth of work I had done from the project. As a result, the final product that we turned in for phase one does not meet the requirement of having sortable tables and AngularJS will have to be implemented for a second time. 
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
Currently the lack of communication in my group is blocking my progress. To be completely honest, I am also feeling much less motivated to make meaningful contributions to the project after being made to feel like my contributions were worthless by one of my teammates.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
I have absolutely no idea. 
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>When being asked to develop with a tool that you have never used before, DO THE TUTORIALS! There are a plethora of tutorials online to help developers understand how to implement and use just about every development tool in existence; and if you can't find decent documentation for a development tool, then you should probably consider using something else. 
