---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 1
---

Oh look! It's finally working!

After several hours of installing dependencies and performing a little sysadmin magic; I finally have my environment set up and ready to take on the challenge of Downing's software engineering course. I know that I could have saved myself a lot of time if I had just connected to one of the CS lab machines, but I feel that setting up a development environment is a valuable learning experience that every computer science student should master before graduation. 

In an effort to encourage my fellow students to accept the challenge of setting up their own development environment, here is one of the problems I encountered while setting up Jekyll and how I solved it. After all, we can't always depend on someone else setting up the environment for us. 

<mark><b>Disclaimer: 
My personal system is running Ubuntu 14.04.3 LTS. I have no idea if users running a different distribution of Linux will experience this exact problem.</b></mark>

For those of you that don't know, Jekyll has a Ruby dependency. However, if you choose to install Ruby through the command line with <b><code>“sudo apt-get install ruby”</code></b> you will be installing Ruby 1.9 when you need to install Ruby 2.0 or higher for Jekyll. At this point many of us would think “Ok, that's fine. I'll just download and install Ruby 2.x.” However, Ubuntu does not allow this problem to be fixed that easily. 

At this point you should then go to <a href="https://www.brightbox.com/docs/ruby/ubuntu/">Brightbox</a> and follow their instructions.

<hr></hr>
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>

<ul><li>What did you do this past week?</i>
<br>This past week I flexed my sysadmin muscles and set up my development environment. I am very excited to be in Downing's Software Engineering course; a little intimidated, but mostly excited.

<li>What's in your way?</i>
<br>At the moment there is nothing in my way.

<li>What will you do next week?</i>
<br>Next week I will start working on the Collatz project, give myself a crash course on Python, and spend any remaining time personalizing my blog.
</ul>

<hr></hr>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
From terminal, use <code><b>jekyll build</b></code> and <code><b>jekyll serve</b></code> in order to preview your blog locally by navigating to the <b>Server Address</b> generated by Jekyll. This way you don't have to commit changes to git every time you want to preview your blog.

