---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 9
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>Unfortunately, I missed most of this week due to a death in the family. However, my group kept on without me and caught me up as soon as I was back in town. I have taken responsibility for implementing AngularJS and I have started converting the static tables. So far AngularJS seems pretty confusing, but I think I'm starting to get the hang of it. I think that Angular's MVC system is actually pretty nifty and I am looking forward to learning more about it. 
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
Right now I am waiting for the API to be finalized so I can replace the static data in the tables with data from our database. I have yet to figure out how Angular generates dynamic page addresses and will need to do more research before attempting to implement this.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
Next week the project is due and I still have quite a bit of work to do. I will get the tables populating with dynamic data and links to the item pages, generate dynamic page addresses with Angular, and implement pagination for the tables.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>If you are using Angular, it is often necessary to check the status of the scope. Now, you can put a breakpoint in the JavaScript or add a temporary text field to the page, but those solutions require an action to be performed on the page which may cause changing the state, or modifying the source code and refreshing the page. Instead, use the Chrome Developer Console to browse the scope. All you have to do is to inspect a specific part of the page to view the current scope.
