---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 11
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>Last week my life completely revolved around AngularJS and the IMDB2 project.  There was some confusion during the previous phase which required my group to put in some serious effort during this phase to catch up and meet the requirements for phase 2. All in all, I would say that we did a good job and I am pretty proud of our submission for phase 2. We accomplished so much last week that my head still feels like it is spinning.
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
Currently, I am waiting for Downing to go over the last phase of the project in class. After that, I will be meeting with my group to plan this last phase of the project.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
I am not sure what I will be doing next week until after meeting with my group. I assume that I will either be implementing the search tool on our website or writing a bunch of unit tests since I have yet to write any for the project.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>Turn buttons, icons and backgrounds into sprites to speed up page downloads. Combining multiple images into one file reduces the number of requests the client must make to your server. 
<br>
You then use the CSS background-position attribute to just show the portion of the image you want. The image downloads once, is cached once and requested once. 
