---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 13
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>
Last week the final phase of of our IMDB project was due and it feels great to be done. Watching our project evolve througout the last 7 weeks has been amazing and, when I look at it now, I can't believe we did it. I am very proud of my group for hanging in there to produce a product of which we can all be proud. This last phase of the project was by far the easiest for us to complete which allowed me to spend time making cosmetic changes to the site.
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> 
Currently there are no issues blocking my progress. 
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>
In the next couple days my group and I will be finializing our presentation, implementing our "exercise" of another group's API, and hopefully we will have everything complete for our presentation on Wednesday. There was some confusion about what day we were scheduled to present, turns out we are scheduled to present much sooner than we originally thought. This week will be our last big push to get everything done.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>
Learn to debug JavaScript with Chrome when working on front end projects.
<br>
Do you find yourself confused as to what exactly is going on and struggling to figure out why you are receiving a JavaScript error? Forget the print statements, use the debugger keyword in your code and step through the front end like a boss.
<br>
You can find a great tutorial to help you get started at <a href="http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_debugging.asp">www.w3schools.com</a>
<br>
Here's another useful tip, pressing shift + F5 in your browser will ignore cached content and reload your current page. Very useful if you are making adjustments to the page appearance. 

