---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 8
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>Last week I met with my group ,and after much debate, we finally decided on a topic that I find to be quite exciting. We are going to create a site for Magic the Gathering! Also, I began several JavaScript and BootStrap tutorials on Lynda. BootStrap is amazing, I have almost completed the Essential Training and I don't think I'll ever design another site without BootStrap ever again. Since I am an artist (previously an Art Major at UT), I am hoping to be heavily involved in the front end design of the project. Along with the JavaScript and BootStrap tutorials on Lynda, I also completed the Carina tutorial and have been learning Docker.
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br>Since a couple of our group members are out of town until Wednesday, our overall progress is kinda blocked. Since my day-job involves maintaining AWS EC2 servers, I want to have a working understanding of Docker before our next group meeting. If I can get our group Docker built and configured, then the group should be able to make some progress while some of the members are out of town. 

<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>Next week I will be meeting with my group over Spring Break to stay on track with the project. 
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>Remember to have fun with your team! Yes, we are all students and yes, we all have very busy lives. However, if you take the time to get to know and enjoy the people on your team then it will create an engaging environment where everyone feels safe to express their ideas and ask for help when needed. 
