---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week 4
---
<h2>Questions for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<ul><li><b>What did you do this past week?</b></i>
<br><br>This week was pretty great in Software Engineering. On Wednesday we had a guest speaker from Main Street Hub. Since I use a Jira and Confluence at work I thought it was really neat getting to hear from someone who worked for Atlassian. I was very impressed by his description of Main Street Hub; specifically, how they provide social media management to small businesses. I hope that after graduation I can find a position at a company that provides me with not only a paycheck, but the satisfaction of giving back.
<br><br>
<li><b>What's in your way?</b></i>
<br><br> Once again, nothing is in my way. I have partnered with one of my friends for the Netflix project and we are about 75% done with the assignment. I am a little behind on the readings for class and will need to play catch up.
<br><br>
<li><b>What will you do next week?</b></i>
<br><br>On Tuesday, my partner and I will meet to finish the Netflix project. I will get caught up on the readings for class and start preparing myself for the first exam. Hopefully, starting early will alleviate the nervousness that I am feeling. I have never taking a Downing exam before and never taken an exam that required the use of a computer.
</ul>
<h2>Tip for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<br>This week I don't really a have tip, it's more of something that I found to be super cool. I am an older student and I began programming when Windows 95 was the latest and greatest version. Earlier this week I came across a Windows 3.1 emulator that runs inside of of a browser. All of you young students should check it out and experience what Windows was like when I was a kid. You can find the emulator here:  <a href="https://archive.org/details/win3_stock">https://archive.org/details/win3_stock</a>
<br>
<h2>Developer Joke for the Week</h2>
<hr></hr>
<b>How to hide your important files from people without making Hidden folders:</b> 
<ol>
<li>Go to Desktop and create a new folder.
<li>Name the folder Internet Explorer.
<li>Change the folder icon to Internet Explorer.
<li>Keep it in a corner of the desktop.
</ol>
No one will open Internet Explorer.

